POV-Ray 3.50c

This is a fairly early effort at an official version of POV-Ray using a 
configure script and Makefile generated by GNU autoconf and GNU automake.  
I rather expect this to proceed by successive approximation.  It's hardly 
a perfect arrangment, and I'd never used autoconf or automake before this, 
so I'm sure I have lots of tricks to learn, and I'm sure future releases 
(hopefully including minor versions) will be superior.  

If you have problems on your platform, let me know, and I'll see what I can 
do to resolve them in future releases.

Follow these instructions to compile POV-Ray:

- In this version, you'll need to manually edit a couple lines near the
top of src/optout.h:

#define DISTRIBUTION_MESSAGE_1 "This is an unofficial version compiled by:"
#error You must complete the following DISTRIBUTION_MESSAGE macro
#define DISTRIBUTION_MESSAGE_2 " FILL IN NAME HERE........................."
#define DISTRIBUTION_MESSAGE_3 " The POV-Ray Team(tm) is not responsible for supporting this version."

At the very least, you'll need to edit out the #error line.  Filling in
your name is highly recommended.  At some point, I plan to have a configure
option that will allow you to clear the error and set DISTRIBUTION_MESSAGE_2
at compile-time, plus additional code that will warn you at compile-time if
this line hasn't been edited, but that hasn't been implemented yet.  Sorry for
the inconvenience.

- Make sure you have libpng, zlib, and libjpeg.  POV-Ray flat-out 
depends on these libraries.  Note that systems that use package management
may have -devel versions of these libraries, which will be needed to
compile applications against them.  The configure script isn't automatically 
going to install any of these for you.  These will be available as separate 
downloads for POV-Ray for Unix, from your GNU/Linux or Unix vendor, or
direct from the download sites.  If you don't have them, get them and install 
them first.  Note that not all versions will work equally well; it's best to
have:

libpng-1.2.2
libjpeg-6b
zlib-1.1.4

- From the directory where this file resides, run:

$ ./configure
$ make
$ make check
$ su
# make install

- Note: this only creates one binary, regardless of platform.  I've combined
the X, SVGA, and console display versions into one binary.  The intent is that
if you tell POV-Ray that you want a display, it will Just Work, providing you
with the display that makes most sense in your current context.   If you don't
have either X or SVGA libraries, it should still compile fine, but without
the support for display types you may be lacking.

Mark Gordon <mtgordon@povray.org>, October 2002
